Updates for minio Dec 2022 releases (#701)
minio/docs: source/operations/monitoring/metrics-and-alerts.rst

   Total number of S3 requests with 5xx errors.

IAM Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. metric:: minio_node_iam_last_sync_duration_millis
   
   Last successful IAM data sync duration in milliseconds. 

.. metric:: minio_node_iam_since_last_sync_millis
   

>    Time (in milliseconds) since last successful IAM data sync. This is set to 0 until the first sync after server start. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Time (in milliseconds) since last successful IAM data sync. 
   
   This value starts at zero and only increments after the first sync after server start.
```

Removing passive.

Author: 👍
